About
=====
This is the user Subutai Platform’s user documentation. Here you will
find updated information on how to install, run and make the best
possible use of our products:

1. `*Subutai™
       PeerOS* <https://docs.subutai.io/Products/PeerOS_toctree.html>`__
       — Open Source, container-based P2P Cloud and IoT software and
       firmware.

2. `*Subutai™
       Bazaar* <https://docs.subutai.io/Products/Bazaar_toctree.html>`__
       — a marketplace to buy/sell/exchange/barter devices, cloud
       applications, and idle computer resources.

3. `*Subutai™ Blockchain
       Router* <https://docs.subutai.io/Products/Router_toctree.html>`__
       — power-efficient “green” broadband Cloud router and open
       hardware IoT gateway that serves as a plug-and-play
       cryptocurrency wallet and mining device.

The Open Source Project
-----------------------

The Subutai open source project and its community formed in 2013 to
build a peer-to-peer (P2P) cloud and fog [1]_ computing platform called
Subutai. The software was first released in April of 2014 under the
Apache Software License 2.0.

Subutai runs cloud applications inside adaptive environments spanning
across idle computer resources [2]_ securely over the Internet. Anyone
can consume resources from others, while also providing resources to
others [3]_. Resources may be shared for free or rented hourly at a
price determined by resource owners or based on market values. Those
buying and selling resources determine the market prices of resources
used to run cloud applications on the edge, and in the data center.

Also in 2014, an optional component, the Subutai Router, an open
hardware project, began. The mind blowing benefits and synergy of
running Subutai directly on a managed router drove its inception. The
Subutai Router complements and accelerates the software with additional
hardware security features, advanced cloud router functions, and IoT
gateway capabilities. The first Subutai Router was manufactured in 2016.
The second major version of the Subutai Router is being prepared for
mass production in Q1 of 2018 in conjunction with the University of Sao
Paulo.

The Subutai Software and the Subutai Router Hardware are both 100% free
and open, both being licensed under the business friendly Apache
Software License v2.0.

Our Mission
-----------

Subutai’s ultimate mission is to democratize the cloud. Subutai invokes
the disruptive forces of a cloud sharing economy to achieve these ends.
When anyone can participate as a provider and consumer, the tight hold
and lock-in imposed by big cloud providers lessens on this vital market.

Cloud democratization leads to a supernova of potential hosting targets
with different devices available to them on the edge. This in turn
increases the efficiency of the cloud by allowing it to get closer to
its users on the edge. It also unifies the Internet of Things and the
cloud as one unified continuum.

P2P is the only viable path to cloud computing across residential
internet lines using commodity computers on the edge where most devices,
the Internet of Things, reside. Running clouds on the edge of the
Internet makes running in the data centers of hosting and cloud
providers even that much more efficient. As the world’s first P2P cloud
and fog computing platform, Subutai takes multi-cloud to its ultimate
limit where the number of providers can grow without bounds.

Our Ultimate Vision
-------------------

A great inversion is coming soon where everything will flip upside down
as IoT devices increase and the general public, weary of their privacy,
starts to demand mastery over their own data. The service providers on
the cloud will become clients to the IoT devices and personal computers
on the edge. In a sense, the whole client-server paradigm will be
inverted: central clients communicating with IoT Edge devices and
personal services.

This emerging reality requires the unification of the cloud and the fog.
A p2p cloud and fog computing platform like Subutai **MUST** exist to
facilitate this natural progression. After all, the cloud on land is the
fog. Both are clouds, one is just located on the edge of the network. It
is not a matter of ***if*** this will happen, but ***when*** it will
happen. In fact, the transition has already started taking place and is
well on its way. Subutai is poised and ready to be at its epicenter.

How does it work?
-----------------

Computers swarm together to create secure peer-to-peer (P2P) virtual
private networks (VPN). These overlay networks operate on top of
existing networks but they look and act like a physical network. The VPN
has an addressable IP range, a subnet, and virtual hosts inside it can
acquire IP addresses and communicate with one another.

| The swarming computers expose their resources (CPU, RAM, and DISK) in
  the VPN as hosts with subnet IP addresses: the hosts are resources
  packaged as lightweight Linux containers. Regardless of which member
  of the swarm contributes the container host, all containers look and
  feel like physical machines connected to the same switch. The swarm
  hence creates a virtual private cloud environment, a kind of virtual
  data center, with a network and hosts on which software can easily
  (with a button press) be installed from applications in the Subutai
  Bazaar. This effectively promotes an open cloud and IoT commerce
  platform. Virtual private cloud environments thus hosts infrastructure
  and applications using idle computer resources.
| Subutai groups machines and devices on the same local area network
  (LAN) into a Subutai Peer. The peer offers resources and devices to
  construct virtual private cloud environments. Environments can shift
  across different peers to satisfy their need to gain more or different
  kinds of resources and devices. Sometimes peer selection is driven by
  location: services may be brought closer to a cluster of users to
  increase the response time of applications running within the
  environment. The peers participating in an environment swarm fluidly.
  They join and leave the swarm over time and as conditions change. This
  results in dynamic environments that can change shape or move around
  on the edge, in the cloud, or in corporate data centers or small
  business data closets.
| By operating on the edge, where most devices reside, private cloud
  environments have the opportunity to directly interact with local
  devices. Meteorologists refer to clouds in contact with land as fog.
  Cisco used this to coin the term fog computing. Fog computing involves
  the incorporation of these devices on the edge into larger computing
  systems. The aim is to use sensors and actuators on the edge to build
  systems that can sense and respond to physical conditions. A cloud
  that cannot interact with the environment is useless and boring right?
  This is the whole point to the Internet of Things. Subutai's
  decentralization and fluidity philosophy creates the conditions where
  IoT and the cloud can unify and act as one.

.. [1]
   The term, fog computing, coined by Cisco, refers to computing on the
   edge of the Internet where all the devices, the Internet of Things
   reside. The term plays on cloud computing and the meteorological
   definition of fog as low altitude clouds making contact with land.
   The edge of the Internet (as opposed to the center where high
   bandwidth lines and data centers are located) is the land in the
   analogy. The clouds in the sky resides in data centers and the fog on
   the edge.

.. [2]
   According to several studies, 98% of personal computer resources run
   idle. Another study showed 94% of EC2 instance resources in AWS (the
   cloud) run idle while 96% on self hosted servers run idle in company
   data centers. When you add all this up globally, it’s reasonable to
   conclude that a massive amount of computer resources needlessly
   perish every day.

.. [3]
   The ability to consume and provide at the same time is often referred
   to as collaborative consumption. A community where collaborative
   consumption takes place is called a sharing economy, or peer economy
   since all participants are similar in that they can all buy and sell.
