FOSS Contribution Program
=========================
Subutai integrations and incentives are designed to promote the
contribution of free computing resources to Open Source projects for
infrastructure and testing. GitHub organization owners can register
their projects and their members on the Subutai Hub to get free cloud
resources forever. We’re not talking about a temporary promotion here.

Peer owners receive Goodwill in exchange for their resources from the
consumers (cloud environment owners) using them. When Open Source
projects consume resources from peers they do not have to provide the
Goodwill to the peer owner. Instead, the Hub subsidizes the Goodwill to
the peer owner at the market value of the resources consumed by the Open
Source project and adds an extra 25% [1]_ or more (read below on how
this amount increases).

If Open Source projects make their blueprints freely available on the
Hub for their products, or other Open Source products, Peer owners
contributing resources to them receive an additional 5% per blueprint in
Goodwill on top of the extra 25% rewarded from the Hub. Anyone on the
Hub, including Open Source projects, can use these Subutai Blueprints to
set up infrastructure or use it for testing. By earning more Goodwill
from Open Source organizations there’s incentive for Peer owners to
contribute to Open Source projects. Contributing to projects providing
more blueprints earns them more Goodwill and promotes the proliferation
of blueprints. Blueprints reduce the overhead of setting up
infrastructure and applications in Subutai Clouds. With a reduced
barrier to launch Open Source applications, more users try the products
and the user community grows.

It’s an all around win-win-win for everyone. Open Source projects
benefit from community growth: more users, and resources. Peer owners
rightfully get more Goodwill for contributing to Open Source, and are
recognized for their contributions.

From its inception, Subutai was designed to supercharge Open Source, by
creating feedback loops to benefit the community in several ways never
before imagined. Our recognized Open Source leader, a pioneering FOSS
advocate, Jon “maddog” Hall, architected the vision and the win-win-win
model. Maddog refers to it as the Subutai Grand Slam. To quote Jon
“maddog” Hall:

    “Our Open Source roots run deep. Open Source is not just our way of
    life, but where our loyalties lie. We are a cloud of the people, not
    the cloud of a large corporation. We WANT Open Source to triumph
    while reminding people of our Open Source roots.”

.. [1]
   This figure may change based on how the economics works out in the
   ecosystem. We’re starting with 25% but it might increase or decrease.
