Glossary
========
**Bazaar** - online platform to buy/sell/exchange/barter devices, cloud
applications, and idle computer resources.

**Blockchain Router** - Subutai’s power-efficient “green” broadband
Cloud router and open hardware IoT gateway that serves as a
plug-and-play cryptocurrency wallet and mining device.

**Blueprints** - a single, standardized format to specify general
instructions for installing, updating and maintaining P2P distributed
cloud applications.

**CaaS** - Containers-as-a-Service: a cloud service model that allows
users to manage and deploy containers, applications, and clusters
through container-based virtualization.

**Container** - an LXC created during environment setup (a building
block of an environment).

**Control Center** - a desktop application that allows users to manage
their GoodWill balance, environments, containers, Peers, etc.

**Environment** - a logically grouped set of containers distributed
across one or multiple Peers that share the same network (they belong to
the same p2p swarm). An Environment is owned by the user who created it,
and can be distributed to multiple Resource Hosts in a single Peer or
multiple Peers, who will have a direct network access to each other.

**Edge** - pushes IoT data to be more efficiently processed closer to
where it is created instead of sending it across data centers or clouds.

**Fog** - a decentralized computing infrastructure where applications,
compute, data, and storage are distributed between the data source, the
cloud, and IoT gateway.

**GoodWill** - the token currency used in the Subutai Bazaar; a
lightweight digital asset token used in the exchange of resources.

**Google App Engine (GAE)** - a fully managed platform that completely
abstracts away infrastructure so you focus only on code.

**IaaS** - Infrastructure-as-a-Service: a form of cloud computing that
provides virtualized computing resources over the Internet.

**LXC** - Linux Containers: operating system-level capabilities that
make it possible to run multiple isolated Linux systems, or containers,
on one control host.

**Management Host**: a server hosting the management console part of
Subutai setup (It is a special container that hosts a management
container with Subutai console app inside).

**Management** - a Java application deployed inside a Subutai container
whose main purpose is to control the Resource Host, Peer, Environment,
etc. A single Management container can control multiple Resource Hosts.
Management has an intuitive web interface.

**P2P network** - a private tunneling level that allows Resource Hosts
to interact with each other assuming that all of them are connected to
the same LAN

**PaaS** - Platform-as-a-Service: a category of cloud computing that
provides a platform and environment to allow developers to build
applications and services over the Internet.

**Peer** - a single Subutai node with management services (a Management
host container), and one or more local Resource Hosts that contribute
resources to be offered to P2P cloud services. All the Resource Hosts in
the same LAN can connect to a local Management container and form a
single Peer.

**Peer Console** - a data center management, container cloud
orchestration, resource sharing and monetization software and more. It
is a place to manage containers and environments.

**PeerOS** - Subutai’s Open Source, container-based P2P Cloud and IoT
software and firmware.

**Resource Hosts (RHs)** - servers providing premises for new
containers. It is composed by the resources your computer has.

**Subutai™** - the world’s first intelligent Peer-to-Peer (P2P) Cloud
Computing platform.

**Template** - an image from which containers are created (cloned)
allowing one to create and host infrastructure on a Peer.
