Remote Desktop
==============
This installation guide includes general information about Subutai
Remote Desktop and installation scenarios.

Purpose of Subutai Remote Desktop

Subutai users may have desktop applications running on Subutai
containers. For these users, Subutai provides desktop templates and an
easy way to access them, once deployed in Environments.

What is Subutai Remote Desktop

Subutai Remote Desktop enables users to easily get access to desktop
applications running on Subutai containers.

Installation plan

The following is a guide to install the Subutai Remote Desktop. Before
starting the installation, please make sure you have a Subutai Bazaar
account. In order to run the Remote Desktop, you will also need a Peer
running the latest version of Subutai PeerOS. You can do that either
registering your own Peer on the Bazaar (
https://subutai.io/install/index.html), or renting/leasing someone
else's Peer.

Preparing to install components

Required Subutai components:

⦁ Subutai Peer (last version) - https://subutai.io/install/index.html

⦁ Subutai E2E Plugin (last version) -
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/subutai-e2e-plugin/ffddnlbamkjlbngpekmdpnoccckapcnh?hl=en-US

⦁ Subutai Control Center (last version) -
https://subutai.io/install/index.html (below peer installations)

Other components required:

⦁ X2Go Client.

⦁ How to install based on your OS:
https://wiki.x2go.org/doku.php/doc:installation:x2goclient

⦁ Windows direct download link: ⦁ https://code.x2go.org/releases/binary-

win32/x2goclient/releases/4.1.0.0-2017.03.11/x2goclient-4.1.0.0-2017.03.11-
setup.exe

⦁ OS X download link:
http://code.x2go.org/releases/binary-macosx/x2goclient

⦁ Linux users please follow above x2go wiki link

⦁ After installation you don't need to open or user it, it will be used
by Subutai Control Center automatically.

Installation

⦁ Open Subutai Bazaar and create an Environment based in any template
with suffix \*\*\*\*-desktop, please use LARGE or HUGE size for this
container

⦁ After successful Environment creation, add your SSH key in one of
these ways:

⦁ Subutai Control Center → SSH-keys management → select your key(s) and
environment then click Deploy Key(s) button.

⦁ Subutai Bazaar → Goto environment details page → SSH Keys tab → click
Add SSH

Key button and select your computer public ssh key

⦁ After successfully adding your SSH key, go to Subutai Control Center →
Environments → select your environment, now you should see environment
containers list with SSH and DESKTOP buttons. If buttons are disabled,
please wait until success network connection and buttons will be
automatically enabled.

⦁ If buttons are enabled, Click DESKTOP button and wait until X2Go
client automatically opens. For Linux users, it may ask for signing to
use the SSH key.

The same action can be performed via Subutai Bazaar: Go to Subutai
Bazaar environment details page → Containers tab → from list of
containers you will see Remote Desktop button on the right side. For
this operation you will need Subutai E2E plugin on your browser.

⦁ That's all!

Now you have your own desktop computer in the Cloud :)
